## MADS Group (Models and Applications of Distributed Systems)
### Research Group

The MADS Group (Models and Applications of Distributed Systems) is a
research group of the University of A Coru√±a with presence in the
Faculty of Computer Science and the Center for Research in Information
and Communication Technologies (CITIC), one of the three research
centers of this university.

The work of the MADS Group is nowadays structured around two main
areas: concurrent and distributed control systems, and advanced
software verification. The first line has its exponent of success in
building reliable and highly scalable multimedia servers, with two
industry-ready results of the group most successful research: the
video-on-demand architecture VoDKA, origin of the spin-off
LambdaStream S.L., and the synthetic video server Synthetrick, origin
of the spin-off Syntheractive S.L.

As for the second line, focused on the development and application of
advanced testing techniques to all kinds of software, has as
highlights the group participation in two European FP7 projects:
ProTest (Property-based testing in Erlang, 2007-2010, STREP 215868)
and Prowess (Property-based testing of Web Services, 2012-2015, ICT
317820), and several national projects, including VRDADER
(Verification, performance and availability of distributed
applications in real environments, 2002-2005, MINCyT TIC2002-02859),
FARMHANDS (Functional resources for the construction of complex and
distributed systems with high availability, 2005-2008, MEC
TIN2005-08986), and AMBITIIONS (Initiative for the integration of
correct and efficient non-trivial model-based systems, 2011-2013,
MICIN TIN2010-20959).