## Cookies policy

A cookie is a file that is downloaded to your computer when you access
certain web pages. Cookies allow a web page, among other things, to
store and retrieve information about the navigation habits of a user
or his/her equipment. Depending on the information they contain and
how the equipment is used, cookies can be used to recognize the
user. The user's browser stores cookies on the hard disk only during
the current session occupying a minimal amount of memory space and
without harming the computer. Cookies do not contain any kind of
specific personal information, and most of them are deleted from the
disk at the end of the browsing session (the so-called session
cookies).

Most browsers accept cookies as standard but can allow or prevent
temporary or persistent cookies through their security settings.

Without your express consent - by activating cookies in your browser -
MADS Group will not link your personal data in stored cookies.

### What types of cookies does this website use?

- Technical cookies: These are the ones that allow the user to
  navigate a web page, platform or application and to use the
  different options or services that it provides, such as traffic
  control and data communication, session identification, access to
  restricted access sections, application for registration or
  participation in an event, usage of safety features while browsing,
  storing content for broadcast of videos or sound or content sharing
  through social networks.

- Customization cookies: These are the ones that allow the user to
  access the service with some general predefined characteristics
  following some criteria in the terminal, such as language, the type
  of browser through which the service is accessed, region from which
  the service is accessed, etc.

- Analysis cookies: These are those that are either treated by us or
  by third parties, allowing us to quantify the number of users and
  thus to perform statistical measurements and analysis of the use of
  the offered service. For this purpose, navigation on our website is
  analyzed in order to improve our range of products or services.

- Third-party cookies: The MADS Group website may use services from
  third parties which, on behalf of MADS Group, will collect
  information for statistical purposes, about the use of the Site by
  the user, and for the provision of other services related to the
  activity of the Website and other Internet services.

  In particular, this website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics
  service provided by Google, Inc. located in the United States with
  headquarters at 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, California
  94043. For the provision of these services, these cookies collect
  information, including the IP address of the user, which will be
  transmitted, processed and stored by Google in the terms presented
  at Google.com. This includes the possible transmission of such
  information to third parties for legal reasons or in case such
  third parties shall process the information on behalf of Google.

The User expressly accepts, for the use of this Site, the processing
of the collected information in the form and for the purposes
previously mentioned. And he/she also recognizes being aware of the
possibility to refuse the processing of such data or information by
rejecting the Use of Cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in
his/her browser. This cookies blocking option in the browser may not
allow full use of all functionality of the Website.

You may allow, block or remove cookies installed on your computer by
configuring your browser options appropriately.

If you have any questions about this cookie policy, you may contact
MADS Group at admin(at)madsgroup(dot)org